[Music]
all right so at the time of recording
this
this is literally the most powerful
gaming laptop
available on the market this has the
fastest amd cpu available it has
the most powerful nvidia gpu available
and it's all packaged into a 15-inch
gaming laptop
that quite frankly nothing even competes
with from the intel camp like if you see
videos or products out there they're
like hey
this intel laptop is the fastest no like
it's not even close
so this is it's a testament to how
good gaming laptops have become over the
years and also it's a testament as to
how much amd has done over the past
couple of years to really
bring something special to the gaming
laptop or just high performance
laptop market so at the heart of this
product
is the 5900 hx it's the flagship amd
laptop processor eight core 16 threads
and this thing is fast like super fast
it's fast in games
it's fast for work and if you compare it
against other
gaming laptop products that have intel
chips in them there's just no comparison
this
is so much better and so much faster
than anything that intel has to offer
and even on their desktop level like
normally laptops and desktops you'd
separate them right
in terms of their performance but this
thing is able to deliver
better multi-core performance than every
single
desktop chip that is made by intel that
has eight cores
and this thing can sustain it 4.1 maybe
4.2 gigahertz
sustained performance for an unlimited
period of time that's with the gpu
running full tilt
that is what amd's able to deliver right
now in early 2021.
now the gpu in here is also really
powerful it's an rtx
3080 this one is a 130 watt version
it's very powerful but it's not going to
be as good as like a desktop
rtx 3080 in terms of just raw gpu
performance but
gameplay on this thing is awesome you're
getting excellent frame rates in even
some of the most demanding titles on the
market right now and because the gpu is
being fed
130 watts this is near the limit of what
this gpu can even deliver right i'm sure
there's some devices are going to come
out eventually that have
i don't know 160 170 watts like they're
just
pumping that in but it's not going to be
much better this right the whole
diminishing returns with gpus
it's going to be a little bit faster but
this is near the limit of what an rtx
can deliver and this is all packaged in
a 15 inch
relatively thin device right this isn't
like super chunky this is a
well engineered piece of equipment and
the best part there's no throttling the
whole thing can sustain
the fast speeds and all that stuff
without any dips in performance and the
reason why
is because of how they've engineered
this this is the zephyrus duo with the
pop-up secondary screens you get some
nice airflow behind there
and it's running liquid metal but
they've also tweaked some elements of
the thermal design so you just get
a really powerful system it's running
amd's newest stuff but it's cooled
really well this has cooled better than
last year's intel version
and it's significantly faster now the
panel up top on this model
is a 4k 120 hertz now they claim that
it's a three millisecond response time
when i measured it was coming at four
and a half
still super fast it's an awesome screen
it's bright and it's colorful
the secondary panel is also 4k across
but it's obviously not as tall
this is a touch screen and you can do
whatever you want with it you can put
your videos on it you can put secondary
information on it you can have it up
when you're playing games
it's so much more useful than you might
think just looking at it like
when you own something like this or you
just have access to a second monitor
having screen real estate
is always useful and the way this is
designed like it's just a regular laptop
slightly
thicker than a regular laptop but yeah
this is just
in my opinion a really smart way to have
more screen on a laptop
now they do have a 1080p option so it'll
have a 1080p top panel i think it's 300
hertz
as well as a 1080p bottom panel and if
it were
my purchase decision like somehow is in
the fortunate position to be able to
pick up one of these
i would totally go for the 1080p option
instead of the 4k
like the 4k panel is nice obviously but
you have a higher battery consumption
but you also lose a lot of the benefits
of a 4k panel
at a 15 inch screen like you just
again if you're just doing photo and
video editing and that's why you picked
up this thing
then sure but if you're playing games
i'd go for the 1080p for sure
now there is something cool that they've
adjusted this year
on last year's model i noticed that if
you did get the 1080p
top panel the secondary panel is still
4k and
if you've ever experienced multiple
monitors on a computer and they're
different resolution
it's a pain in the butt especially when
they're stacked on top of each other
there's just
a it's just a resolution thing the way
windows handles it like it just
doesn't scale it nicely especially for
all tabbing between things
now they match them so if you get the 4k
panel the bottom will be 4k
but you've got the 1080p panel the
bottom will also be 1080p so i think
it's smart for asus to do that
but yeah the screens they're good we
just got to choose wisely
the battery in here is pretty big it's
90 watt hours but because this is such a
powerful system
and it's got two bright 4k panels it
doesn't last particularly long i got
four and a half hours with my regular
test
if you disable the secondary screen and
i just did it out of curiosity i got
five and a half hours which was
longer than i expected like that's i
don't know almost 20
with just a strip of screen being
removed so if you're
bringing this out for work you could
probably extend it a little bit by
disabling the screen
and this is all with the 4k panel if you
have a 1080p panel it'll probably last
a little bit longer so battery life is
good for what it is
but it's not like a full day battery at
all the ac adapter on this unit is
pretty big because it's got the most
powerful configuration
it's 280 watts it kind of has to be to
fuel this thing
but on the lower wattage configurations
the ac adapters are smaller and if you
want to
and if you need to you can power this
thing with 100 watt
uh power delivery through usb-c but
obviously you can't run this thing at
full tilt
using the usb-c connection okay
uh now the rest of the internals in case
you're curious there's a couple things i
want to point out
so there's two nvmes and they're
configured in raid right out of the
factory
and there's also 16 gigs of ram that's
baked onto the motherboard and you have
one slot so you can upgrade it up to 32
and
there's also an upgraded speaker system
so there's two that's
down here and then there's two up at the
top they sound
better than what i remember from last
year but they're still not amazing i
think it's just an issue of
bass there's a distinct lack of
lower frequencies when it comes to any
gaming laptop to be honest but yeah
it's slightly improved but don't expect
too much
and that wraps up the inside now there
is one other thing that i thought was
kind of neat
in the box so when you purchase it the
ac adapter comes in this
kind of like cardboard box thing and
maybe this was on last year's model as
well but it didn't really realize it
but you can do this so you take it's
just
cardboard right very unassuming we place
it down
and now if you want to use this thing
connect it up to an external keyboard or
an external mouse
you can place it onto this dock i
wouldn't call it a doc it's more like a
stand
and it's in this really nice position
and
angle like the screen is at a great
height the secondary screens at this
really nice angle
you have your external mouse external
keyboard and you're just
you're doing stuff you're just getting
stuff done because this
is a weirdly nice orientation slash
configuration but it's unfortunate this
thing is
cardboard it would have been nice if
this was some kind of plastic for
some durability but it's that perfect
angle and they've kind of
repurposed the packaging for that i'm
sure there's other ways to do it like
you could probably get a
legit laptop stand that wasn't this but
it comes
in the package if you want to try it out
okay
uh ports real quickly there's a minor
change
to this year's model so there's a micro
sd that they've included and there's
also
an update to the usb a ports they now
support usb 3.2
so the keyboard and trackpad now in
order to be able to get this kind of
pop-up screen and this kind of airflow
you have to shift the keyboard and
trackpad down
and i'm okay with the keyboard i
actually like typing on this thing they
include a wrist rest but
i'm one of the weird people that just i
don't mind typing on this thing without
the wrist rest
but the trackpad i don't like it's been
i don't know several years that this
type of trackpad
on the right has existed i've never
grown used to them i think
if you're forced to use this every day
you will go crazy
like you will not enjoy this experience
you're just gonna have to have an
external mouse
i think the secondary function like
having the number pad is really
its main purpose and if you need to you
can use as a trackpad in a pinch
but that is the new zephyrs duo and
it is it's just so much better than last
year's model
partly because the new amd chips with
their excellent performance but it's
also because of price
this has dropped down in price by 500
bucks it's now
starting at 2200 it's not cheap by any
means but you're just getting a lot
for that 2200 price point this goes up
it goes up
i think to like over 3000 bucks if you
really want to spec it out but
i just think that this package because
of what amd offers like even at the base
model
it's an 8 core cpu that outperforms
the vast majority of desktops out there
like this amd stuff is just so good
right now
but that is the zafraz duo and yeah it's
literally the most powerful thing i've
seen in the studio to date
okay hope you guys enjoyed this video
thumbs if you liked it subs if you loved
it see you guys next time